What is Coroutine?
Basically our mobile will run on Main Thread. So using this main thread we can perform small operation like UI onclick,
logical operation and etc... . But when we try to perform huge operation like network operation, database operation then
our application will be killed by the mobile with crash message "App is not responding"

So we can understand that bulk operation we should not perform using main thread.

Then how to perform bulk operation?
 Well we can create background thread to perform bulk operation. But here we have limit that number background thread we are
 creating in out application.

 Then how we can achieve the bulk operation?

 Here comes coroutine plays. Using single background thread we can perform multiple bulk operation with help of coroutine.


 Basics of coroutine?

 It is light weight thread. Like threads it can also run parrelaly, wait for each other and even can communicate with each other.
 Croutine is not a thread. It looks like similar but both are different.
 Coroutine are very very cheap. We can create million of corutine without memory consumption.


 How to use coroutine?
   We can create thread object like
   thread {
    // your code...
   }

   By default the application wait for background thread to complete its task. Once the all the background thread complete its
   task then only application exit.

   But in Coroutine, application will never wait by default for coroutine background task to complete. So we manually make
   application to wait until the  coroutine task complete.



  GlobalScope.launch {
         println("Running under background thread ${Thread.currentThread().name}")
         delay(1000) // it will only suspend the current coroutine and not whole application.
         println("Finishing under background thread ${Thread.currentThread().name}")
     }

     delay() only can called inside the coroutine or any other suspend function.
     It is suspend function.

     What is suspend function?
     A function which has it's modifier is suspend and also it will called from other suspend function or within the coroutine.

     What is coroutine builders?
     It is used to create a coroutine.
     Basically we can create coroutine in three ways.
     1.launch
     2.aysn
     3.runblocking.